---
title: "♡Saturday♡"
excerpt: "Let's celebrate!"
collection: program
---

14:00 - church ceremony
------
Our wedding day officially begins with the ceremony held in the Basilica of St. Giles (Bazilika sv. Egídia). (<a href="https://maps.app.goo.gl/p47WbaEFNMedrofF9">location<a/>)

_Please arrive a few minutes early to give yourself enough time to find a seat in the church._

After the ceremony, there will be time for a few pictures in front of the church and short chat with other guests.

15:00 - moving to the venue
------
The reception and the party will take place in Stodola. (<a href="https://maps.app.goo.gl/B6woWxvKjGQqjauA8">location</a>)

**How to get to the venue?**

After the ceremony, stay in front of the church, next to the bells.
The appointed people will assure smooth tranzit to the venue. We will utilize seats in the other guest's cars.

The last resort option is a taxi which costs 3-5€. If you need to call a taxi, ask for help.

We expect the party to start before 16:00. It may take a little time for everyone to arrive and for the food to be served, so thank you for your patience!

Party!!!
------
Food, music, fun (hopefully).

**[Please, share pictures from the wedding in he shared album!](https://photos.app.goo.gl/QaqqgKHE3PT1RB5aA)**

Getting back to the hotel
-------
People will move back to their hotels individually. We recommend people to go in the groups by taxi or with (not drunk) volunteer with car.

**People with cars, remember that in Slovakia, there is 0 tolerance for alcohol when driving. Even leftover alcohol from previous day will get you to the trouble.**

**Tip:** If police stops you and measures you tiny amount of alcohol when driving (really tiny), do not confess you were at the wedding and drinking. To avoid troubles, just assume it is from recently eaten snack or medication as it might get you alcohol reading.
